Release 2.6.0 (#748)
MarketSquare/robotframework-robocop: docs/releasenotes/2.6.0.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Our test framework now supports custom format of the issue - which should help with enhancing the precision of the reported

> issues. For now the ``invalid-argument`` rule have improved precision (reported beginning and end of the rule) but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issues. For now, the ``invalid-argument`` rule has improved precision (properly reporting the beginning and the end of the rule) but
```

> expect more in upcoming releases!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expect more in the upcoming releases!
```
